it's a market the market leader is the
BMW s1000rr we created the dedicated
line and special line for the B&W and
it's something that is something that
give us a lot of enthusiasts because as
soon as you you you can imagine that the
customer fit the product on the bike you
can imagine the smiling under the helmet
so we fitted especially for this event
we fitted the bike with a nice matte
white cover so the back you can see is
is matte and black is a is the company
is the company colors in Zama and then
we fit we make a nice fitting with the
blue blue details like like as you can
see in the images and for sure the rear
set control kit that once again it's one
of the most exciting part in the in the
rhizoma catalog so we we decide to to
take care about about the passenger even
if the passenger is not sometimes not
welcome on this sport bike but once
again the graph view indicator is sporty
is exciting the designer it's very close
very very close with B&W design and you
can see the support plate it's one of
the best seller in terms of cataloger
for most of the sport bike and naked
bikes in the in the market so it's a
point of reference for our for us
we fit the bike with the nice protection
coordinated with a with the brand color
in blue and even if apparently this
protection rails ball and thin they they
work very well to protect the body the
body work and to protect the engine for
accidental crashes so we developed a
line of accessory we you can choose from
the older customer can choose from the
long list of mirrors homologated mirrors
you can choose the colors you can choose
from the natural aluminum color the
black total black look and you could you
can really enjoy having a look on the
catalog on the two kilos and 260 pages
catalog that we printed every year or if
you if you if you want you can enjoy on
wwe.com